README.md, before:

# superfans
Tools for managing fans on Supermicro chassis via IPMI.

Requires ipmitool, python3 and click (pip3 install click)

```
Usage: superfans [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  Tools for managing fans on a Supermicro chassis.

  Fan presets can be adjusted, or fans manually updated to a certain speed.

  If a hostname is specified, superfans will use the specified username and
  password to connect. If a hostname is not specified, ipmitool will talk to
  the local machine using the IPMI kernel module.

  When setting fan speed manually, the fan preset must be set to Full, or
  else the hardware fan controller will automatically adjust the speed again
  after some time has passed.

  For a list of presets, use `superfans preset --help`.

  If needed, the hostname, username, and password options should precede
  commands. A hostname of "localhost" (the default) will skip IPMI over
  lanplus and use the kernel module instead.

  Example:
  ./superfans -h bigbertha -u monkey -p secrets preset full

Options:
  -h, --hostname TEXT  Remote hostname (default: localhost)
  -u, --username TEXT  Remote IPMI username
  -p, --password TEXT  Remote IPMI password
  -e, --env-password   Use IPMI_PASSWORD environment variable for password
  --help               Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  preset  Applies a factory preset to fan controller.
  set     Set fan speed to a fixed %.
  status  Retrieves fan controller preset & fan speed.
```

Commit message:

adding compatibility info to readme

README.md, after:

# superfans
Tools for managing fans on Supermicro chassis via IPMI.

This has been tested successfully on X10 and X11 boards as well as the 
CSE-PTJBOD-CS3 management board. Please report compatibility issues at:
https://github.com/putnam/superfans/issues

Requires ipmitool, python3 and click (pip3 install click)

```
Usage: superfans [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  Tools for managing fans on a Supermicro chassis.

  Fan presets can be adjusted, or fans manually updated to a certain speed.

  If a hostname is specified, superfans will use the specified username and
  password to connect. If a hostname is not specified, ipmitool will talk to
  the local machine using the IPMI kernel module.

  When setting fan speed manually, the fan preset must be set to Full, or
  else the hardware fan controller will automatically adjust the speed again
  after some time has passed.

  For a list of presets, use `superfans preset --help`.

  If needed, the hostname, username, and password options should precede
  commands. A hostname of "localhost" (the default) will skip IPMI over
  lanplus and use the kernel module instead.

  Example:
  ./superfans -h bigbertha -u monkey -p secrets preset full

Options:
  -h, --hostname TEXT  Remote hostname (default: localhost)
  -u, --username TEXT  Remote IPMI username
  -p, --password TEXT  Remote IPMI password
  -e, --env-password   Use IPMI_PASSWORD environment variable for password
  --help               Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  preset  Applies a factory preset to fan controller.
  set     Set fan speed to a fixed %.
  status  Retrieves fan controller preset & fan speed.
```
